The third sister-in-law is energetic
After all, there have been rumors of you taking refuge in monsters
Although the bra is unfortunate
But
You can't see your father now
Can't stay in the palace
But Father is in good health
Don't worry.
That being the case
Then we will temporarily live outside the palace
Less restraint
Third brother and fourth brother forgive me
If there is a chance
For my brother to take you two into the palace as soon as possible
big brother
We are up today for two things
first
I want to ask you to use your country's strength to fight against the demon kingdom
second
I want to invite you
Order Wanted for Inheritance
But how did I hear about General Ji?
It has been caught by you.
I get mad when I mention it
He should have been killed with a single sword
Shh general
First came to save you
Save me
The general doesn't know
After you were caught
Those two bastards
Take all the troops of the Ji family
They were all sent to retake Yucheng Pass
This is a death sentence
officer and soldier
There are many others who are as dissatisfied with them as I am
These two little beasts
Thinking that by virtue of a cavity of blood
Someone worked hard for them
Sooner or later, he will be dismembered
General fortune
general
Let's go
I want to take revenge for Brother Ye Xuan
Shot him in the leg
I didn't expect this to make him run away
I didn't expect to be able to shoot arrows
And it can be shot so dark
This is my first archery. Hmm.
What do I think?
You are a blind cat that meets a dead mouse.
Humph
So at first
Just ran away for him
This successor Wu had the sin of being alone at Yushengguan
But he's my uncle after all
Keep him alive
It can also be regarded as an explanation for my mother
Then how are you going to give the people of the world an explanation?